The Problem: Considering the sociopolitical and economic problems both in the US and overseas, working for the sake of working has become part of the norm.  With bills to pay and other financial responsibilities to address, we have been led down the path of professional conformism ==> Get a job doing whatever, as long as it pays the bills.  Those who wish to "better their lives", go on to pursue higher-level education hoping that a college-degree will help them get a job.  At least that's what the adds on the train promise.  And indeed -- many do succeed in finding employment after college, working 10 hours a day for a mediocre paycheck, just to realize years later -- "this is not what I signed up for."  Very few "lucky ones" actually use their degree in their professional sector. I would say pretty much every job that I’ve had so far is because of the fact that I speak Spanish —> I didn’t have to go to college to learn Spanish!  Oh and let's not forget about their never-ending student-loans, which happen to accumulate interest on a daily basis.*

So what is the problem exactly? These individuals then become miserable professionals whose dissatisfaction with life contaminates young professionals who join career fields with many idealistic views of changing the world and many unrealistic expectations.  At least that's how a former teacher sees it.*

It is only a small handful of people who never stop dreaming and who realize they can achieve better.  These are the career-changers -- like most Flatiron Students!

Our Vision: Young adults can get closer to identifying their dream career, by asking questions to a professional within that field. This may simply mean crossing out potential job titles from their list as they learn more about them.  
We believe  that it is possible for people to be happy in the professional world, and that as long as there are people with questions, there will be people with answers.

Our Mission | Solution: To connect young adults who are interested in exploring the professional world with professionals within their desired career fields, who can share their experience with them and connect them with resources that may help guide them in the right direction.

What Mentors Can Expect:
Personal satisfaction of sharing their experience to help a young professional.

What Mentees Can Expect:
Learn about the life of a professional within their career field, before deciding to pursue it.
Guidance towards achieving professional goal:
relevant resources

What kids of questions may mentees have?
What is a regular day like as a public school teacher?
How much of your time do you spend actually teaching?
What sorts of challenges do you encounter on a daily basis and how do you manage them?